yo so I'm back after three weeks of
being in France and I had a good time
thank you and I thought since I missed a
launch of dragon's teeth I just hop
right into making a kind of review and
how to unlock the new sniper rifle since
I always do that with new deal sees and
instead of course we got this cs5 sniper
rifle so first off we're gonna have a
look at how to unlock this bad boy and
then we're gonna review it and see how
good it is so in order to unlock the cs5
sniper rifle you have to complete the
assignment the I in team and it's a
fairly easy assignment but it's kind of
time consuming and you'll see why there
is soon so first off you'll have to
reach rank 10 which I actually most of
you already have you have to play a
dragon's teeth map which is fairly
simple and also own dragon's teeth so
these are kind of basic but you also
need to complete two sniper rifle
ribbons you need to get ten radio beacon
spawns and that's kind of a pain in the
ass and you also need to get 20 spot
assists now it does take some time to do
this but what i did was i sat down in a
corner in domination got my spawn beacon
out behind the enemy lines preferably so
my teammates could spawn on it and i
would also get my mouth out and just
spot everything in everyone and that's
how i got it now you could probably just
boost this just get a teammate to die
and spoiling your beacon like 10 times
and and spot stuff and stuff but I just
did it in like one match of damnation it
didn't really take too much time and
shouldn't be too hard to do but without
further ado let's hop right into the
review so for those of you interested in
stats I've got them right here for you
and I will also leave a link down below
so you can go ahead and check it out
yourself from simply calm but first off
looking at the damage it starts on 100
and drops down to 59 after a hundred
meters and we got some mathematics stuff
showing the drop off yeah gravity so um
it is also the fastest firing sniper
rifle I believe with a 63 RPM which is
which is fairly fast and I makes it
probably one of the better sniper rifles
on close range which we will have a look
at later it has a velocity of 400 meters
a second and three
vanitas a second if you're used to get
suppressed so I this gun is not very
good at long range I think that's pretty
self explained now looking at a magazine
size its fellows standard you have ten
bullets plus one and five magazines
which should be enough and I think this
gun is fairly good and close range but
we'll have a look at the load right
about now now regarding the loadouts
I've got a fairly standard aggressive
recon loadout and that would be the 6x
scope this red bull bolt and the laser
sight now this is what I pretty much
always used but having a laser sight for
the cs5 sniper rifle is fairly effective
because you already have a really good
hip fires putting on a laser sight is
gonna it's gonna make it amazing now
keep in mind using this gun on
long-range it's just not gonna work it's
like it's like eating rice with
chopsticks only asians can do it so
racist I don't think so anyways I think
that wraps up this video to sum it up
this gun is a close-range beast but you
don't want to use in a long-range
because that is totally shit but yeah I
want to thank you guys for watching this
video and I will catch you all later
you